Hide explanation of local external grader and workspace setup (#11668)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/installing.md

```bash
mkdir "$HOME/pl_ag_jobs"
```

Now, we can run PrairieLearn with additional options to allow the external grading or workspaces features. For example, if your course directory is in `$HOME/pl-tam212` and the jobs directory created above is in `$HOME/pl_ag_jobs`, the new command is as follows:

```sh
docker run -it --rm -p 3000:3000 \
  -v "$HOME/pl-tam212:/course" `# Replace the path with your course directory` \
  -v "$HOME/pl_ag_jobs:/jobs" `# Map the jobs directory into /jobs` \
  -e HOST_JOBS_DIR="$HOME/pl_ag_jobs" \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock `# Mount docker into itself so container can spawn others` \
  --platform linux/amd64 `# Ensure the emulated amd64 version is used on ARM chips` \
  --add-host=host.docker.internal:172.17.0.1 `# Ensure network connectivity` \
  prairielearn/prairielearn
```

??? question "Why is this necessary?"

>     In production, PrairieLearn runs external grading jobs and workspaces on a distributed system that uses a variety of AWS services to efficiently run many jobs in parallel. When developing questions locally, you won't have access to this infrastructure, but PrairieLearn allows you to still run external grading jobs and workspaces locally with a few workarounds.
> 
>     - Instead of running jobs on an EC2 instance, they will be run locally and directly with Docker on the host machine.
>     - Instead of sending jobs to the grading containers with S3, we write them to a directory on the host machine and then mount that directory directly into the grading container as `/grade`.
>     - Instead of receiving an SQS message to indicate that results are available, PrairieLearn will simply wait for the grading container to die, and then attempt to read `results/results.json` from the folder that was mounted in as `/grade`.
> 
>     In order to run external grading jobs when PrairieLearn is running locally inside Docker, there are a few additional preparation steps that are necessary:
> 
>     - We need a way of starting up Docker containers on the host machine from within another Docker container. We achieve this by mounting the Docker socket from the host into the Docker container running PrairieLearn; this allows us to run "sibling" containers.
>     - We need to get job files from inside the Docker container running PrairieLearn to the host machine so that Docker can mount them to `/grade` on the grading machine. We achieve this by mounting a directory on the host machine to `/jobs` on the grading machine, and setting an environment variable `HOST_JOBS_DIR` containing the absolute path of that directory on the host machine.

Reviewer: This feels more detailed than necessary to me. We don't document the internal architecture in this way in other user-faces docs. I'd be inclined to simplify this section and only keep the info related to the extra arguments that we are asking the user to provide to docker. Also trying to standardize on "PrairieLearn" rather than "we".
```suggestion
    In production, PrairieLearn runs external grading jobs and workspaces on a distributed system that can efficiently run many jobs in parallel. When developing questions locally, you won't have access to this infrastructure, but PrairieLearn allows you to still run external grading jobs and workspaces locally. To do this, it needs extra docker command line arguments to provide two key capabilities:

    - PrairieLearn needs a way of starting up Docker containers on the host machine from within another Docker container. This is achieved by mounting the Docker socket from the host into the Docker container running PrairieLearn; this allows it to run "sibling" containers.
    - PrairieLearn needs to get job files from inside the Docker container running PrairieLearn to the host machine so that Docker can mount them to `/grade` on the grading machine. This is achieved by mounting a directory on the host machine to `/jobs` on the grading machine, and setting an environment variable `HOST_JOBS_DIR` containing the absolute path of that directory on the host machine.
```

Reviewer 2: The last sentence could be "needs a way of passing job files... on the grading container". This text feels much cleaner to me then before.

Reviewer 3: Not sure if it's worth it to also mention the equivalent home directory in workspace containers ("...mount them to `/grade` on the grading container, or the home directory on the workspace container."). Won't block on this.

Reviewer 3: I'm happy with the latest version. My approval stands.
